doc/sdk-cli-reference: update for [api,controller], cleanup for [new, generate] (#674)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: doc/sdk-cli-reference.md

## generate

### k8s 

Runs the Kubernetes [code-generators][k8s-code-generator] for all Custom Resource Definitions (CRD) apis under `pkg/apis/...`.
Currently only runs `deepcopy-gen` to generate the required `DeepCopy()` functions for all custom resource types.

> **Note**: This command must be run everytime the api(spec and status) for a custom resource type is updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: This command must be run every time the api (spec and status) for a custom resource type is updated.
```

Create pkg/apis/addtoscheme_app_v1alpha1.go
Create pkg/apis/app/v1alpha1/register.go
Create pkg/apis/app/v1alpha1/doc.go
Create deploy/crds/app_v1alpha1_appservice_cr.yaml
Create deploy/crds/app_v1alpha1_appservice_crd.yaml
Running code-generation for custom resource group versions: [app:v1alpha1]
Generating deepcopy funcs
```

### controller

Adds a new
controller under `pkg/controller/<kind>/...` that, by default, reconciles a custom resource for the specified apiversion and kind.

#### Flags

* `--api-version` CRD APIVersion in the format `$GROUP_NAME/$VERSION` (e.g app.example.com/v1alpha1)
* `--kind` CRD Kind. (e.g AppService)

#### Example

```bash
operator-sdk add controller --api-version app.example.com/v1alpha1 --kind AppService
Create pkg/controller/appservice/appservice_controller.go
Create pkg/controller/add_appservice.go
```

### crd

Generates the CRD and the CR files for the specified api-version and kind.

#### Flags

* `--api-version` CRD APIVersion in the format `$GROUP_NAME/$VERSION` (e.g app.example.com/v1alpha1)
* `--kind` CRD Kind. (e.g AppService)

#### Example

```bash
operator-sdk add crd --api-version app.example.com/v1alpha1 --kind AppService

> # Output:

Reviewer: Remove this and the above line to conform to other examples.
